

CASHIET is a financial company with the goal to provide installment
payment system for goods and services, thereby making it affordable for
the buyers.

What is a Financial /Credit System?

News About Financial and Credit System in Nigeria (FINTECH).

It is no joke or story that in Nigeria now, we are moving towards in
focusing on financial system like never before. New system have been
introduced whereby we now have loan/credit system app over banks in the
likes of Carbon (Paylater), Kwik, Palm Credit and others... people don't
have to go to commercial banks to get loan or invest (PiggyVest and
others for investment plans).

Plan, Save and Purchase (PSP)

Problem Identified (POST COVID EFFECT)

There is an urgent need for this company especially during this
unprecedented global recession.

Where a lot of people lost their jobs, Business owners are trying to
bring things back to normal, Companies are planning to reduce their
staff, reduce their salary and other problems.

Solution Provided.

CASHIET is a multilevel financial company that creates a platform for
Easy payment system for goods and services, our goods and services
include: Cars, Lands and Property; Home and Office Appliances; Phones
and Gadgets, and Online Buying and Selling both Digital and Physical
Services.

The purpose is to create an avenue for people to be able to purchase
expensive items without having to break their banks and with full access
to the use of the item even before full payment is made.

Vision

Our Vision at CASHIET is to create an affordable means of buying and
selling so as to deliver innovative, value added services to customers.

MISSION

To help people, employees, investors and residents to achieve 'the
better life'.

Creating and establishing an easy and profitable way for buying and
selling.

Making your dreams a reality.

MOTTO: Express to Luxury.

CORE VALUES:

• Diligence

• Excellence

• Flexibility

• Honesty

• Accountability

How we intend to solve this.

Our company looks forward to partner with manufacturers, wholesalers and
retailers. We call them CASHIET TRADE PARTNERS.

Who is our Trade Partner?

Private Institutions, Car Dealers, Real Estate Owners, Home and Office
Appliances, Phoned and Accessories, Other Sectors.

Why would Business Owners partner with CASHIET?

\*1. New Method of Selling:

Covid 19 has affected the economy, proposing a new method of sales and
making money, even making more money to business owners will be
something that will be attractive to them.

2\. Fixed Money deposit method (5% extra profit): for using installment
payment platform, we have additional charges of 15% in which 5% will be
for our trade partner. Just like having a fixed deposit of their money
for a certain period.

3\. 30% upfront payment out rightly: CASHIET charges 30% upfront from
the customer, in which the 30% (which include +5% of that 30%) will be
for the seller.

4\. More Customers: With our publicity (marketing) strength and plans,
our trade partners will get lots of unique and organic customers.

5\. High Market Influence: Due to high customer base that CASHIET will
have, product of our trade partner will reach a greater population
thereby increasing awareness for the products or brand.

6\. Ease of Delivery Cost: Our trade partner are relieved from delivery
cost to individual customers as CASHIET would be responsible to carry
out delivery to final consumers. (Security measures: Serves as a means
of verifying the customer home/office address details)

7\. Flexibility, Efficiency, Honesty and Accountability: Due to CASHIET
mode of operation and with the help of technology, we will be able to
reach and serve our Trade Partners better with little or no human
effort. In other to have 100% efficiency.

The system will be stress free, easy and flexible which means companies
would love to work with us.

CASHIET would be running both offline and online services.

Online service: Website and Mobile App (IOS and Android): this platform
will serve as a medium for people to easily:

Source for product, get product information, purchase/contact, make
payment plan, Automated Money Deduction System, and get the product.
