

Last Update: 14 / 10 / 2022.

Welcome to CASHIET INSTALLMENT PROGRAM, which is the provision of
installment facilities without credit card for Buyers using the CASHIET
Application to purchase Products in Nigeria (\"Installment Program\").

Terms and Conditions as set out below governs the use of Installment
Program in purchasing Products by using CASHIET Application.

By accessing and using the Installment Program available in the CASHIET
Application, you are deemed to have read, understood, and agreed to all
the contents in these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions
constitute the legal agreement set forth between You as User and
CASHIET.

IF YOU HAVE ANY OBJECTIONS AND/OR DO NOT AGREE TO ONE, SEVERAL PARTS, OR
THE ENTIRETY OF THE CONTENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, THEN YOU
CANNOT USE THE INSTALLMENT PROGRAM AVAILABLE IN THE AKULAKU APPLICATION.

1\. DEFINITION

\"Credit Limit\" is the maximum amount of payment which can be made in
installments given to the Applicant who has completed all the
requirements and has passed CASHIET's verification and assessment
process, for Applicant use in the purchase of Product through the
CASHIET Application.

2\) \"Installment Period\" is the installment payment period of the
Applicant as chosen in the Installment Program by the Applicant, ranging
from ONE (1) months to SIX (6) months.

3\) \"Due Date\" is the payment deadline for the installment payments
and other fees owed by the Applicant every month.

4\) \"Installment Payment\" is the number of installment payments that
are determined based on the Installment Program chosen by the Applicant
which must be fully paid by the Applicant on each and every Due Date
which has been agreed upon.

5\) \"My Bill\" is a menu contained in the CASHIET Application
containing the billing information for the Applicant's installment
payments in using the Installment Program.

6\) \"CASHIET Virtual Account "is a joint account as agreed by CASHIET
and Applicant for the installment repayment process based on the
Installment Program used. Other terms used in the Installment Program
Terms and Conditions will have the same meaning in the definitions of
the above general Terms and Conditions.

2\. TERMS OF USE

1\) Only registered CASHIET User can apply to become Applicant for the
Installment Program.

2\) Applicant hereby declare that the Applicant is a legally competent
party and is capable to bind themselves in a lawful agreement pursuant
to the prevailing laws in Indonesia.

3\) Applicant who will use the Installment Program as a payment method
for Product in CASHIET Application is required to first submit an
application to CASHIET and then obtain approval from CASHIIET after
going through the data, identity, and information verification process
performed by CASHIET.

4\) Applicants are required to go through the entire process of data,
identity, and information verification by CASHIET for CASHIET to further
assess whether to accept or reject the Applicant's application to use
the Installment Program.

5\) Applicant acknowledges and agrees that CASHIET is entitled to at its
sole discretion reject or accept the Applicant\'s application to use the
Installment Program, and determine the Credit Limit granted for the
Applicant to use.

6\) CASHIET Installment Program applies only to the Product delivery
address in the state.

7\) Applicant is prohibited to create and/or use any device, software,
features and/or other devices aimed at manipulating the CASHIET
Application system, including but not limited to:

i\. The manipulation of data;

ii\. Browsing activity (crawling / scraping);

iii\. The activities of automation in transactions, purchase, sale,
etc.;

iv\. The addition of products to the storefront; and/or

v\. Any other activity which may reasonably be considered as attempts to
manipulate the system.

8\) CASHIET has the right and authority to suspend the Applicant's
account and the credit limit owned by the Applicant if CASHIET finds or
suspects any existence of fraud in the transaction and/or any breach
against the CASHIET terms and conditions. Including but not limited to
the use CASHIET account to perform the process of purchasing the product
but does not make the payment and in billing the payment cannot be
contacted at the registered address and contacts.

9\) Applicant is personally responsible to maintain the confidentiality
of their account and password for all transaction activities that
occurred in Applicant account.

10\) Applicant agrees to ensure that the Applicant logs out from their
account in CASHIET Application at the end of each session and notify to
CASHIET if there are unauthorized account use of Applicant account or
password.

11\) Applicant hereby understands, agrees and declares that CASHIET
cannot be held responsible for any loss or damage of any kind arising
from the misuse of the Applicant account.

3\. TERMS OF INSTALLMENT PROGRAM

1\) Installment Program use is limited to the Credit Limit granted to
the Applicant, and can only be used for the purchase of Product sold in
the CASHIET Application.

2\) The choice of Installment Program Installment Period in the purchase
of Product is the personal responsibility of the Applicant.

3\) For the purchase of Product using the Installment Program with Down
Payment needed, must be a Down Payment by the Applicant within 24
(twenty-four) hours since the application for payment using the
Installment Program is approved. In the event that the Applicant fails
to make the Down Payment within the deadline, the Product purchase order
will be automatically canceled.

4\) In the event that an Applicant has made the Down Payment, but the
purchase of products cannot be completed due to Merchant refusing or
cancelling the order based on the inability of the Merchant to fulfill
the order, the Down Payment will be refunded to the Applicant in
accordance with the terms of Refund, and the Credit Limit will be
restored as it was before the order was made.

5\) Applicant must pay the installment payment of the Installment
Program on or before the Due Date to CASHIET. In the event of delay or
lack of payment, the Applicant acknowledges and agrees that CASHIET has
the right to collect the installment payment along with the fees and
charges from the Applicant, either through a third party and/or the
relevant authorities to the extent as permitted by the prevailing laws
and regulations in Nigeria.

6\) In the event that the Applicant is late in making the installment
payment, the Applicant is charged with the late penalty of 0.7% daily of
the total installment payment, which will be collected with the initial
monthly payment for that month or at the next Due Date on a cumulative
basis.

7\) In the event of excess installment payments, the Applicant
acknowledges and agrees that such excess shall be allocated for the next
month's installment.

8\) The Due Date notified to the Applicant at the time of the
Installment Program application is approved and must be complied with
until the Product is fully paid.

9\) Applicants are allowed on the basis of CASHIET prior approval to
fully pay their installment earlier than the Due Date previously chosen
by the Applicant. Early repayment without prior approval from CASHIET
shall be the personal responsibility of the Applicant.

10\) In the event of collection to the Applicant by CASHIET, all fees
related to such collection shall be the personal responsibility of the
Applicant.

11\) Applicant is allowed to apply for postponement of installment
payment in the event that Applicant has not received the Product after
the first Due Date. Applicants are given three (3) calendar days to make
the installment payment since the Product is received, which if not
fulfilled shall be processed in accordance with the Terms of Late
Installment Payment. Such postponement of installment payment does not
change the next applicable Due Date.

12\) When purchasing a Product, the Applicant agrees that: a. It is the
Applicant's responsibility to read, understand, and agree to the
information and description of the Product as a whole (including but not
limited to price, color, quality, function, type, specification, and
other information) before making a bid or commitment to purchase the
Product. b. Applicant understands and acknowledges that the information
and description of the Products is the information and description
provided by the Merchant of the Products. CASHIET cannot guarantee that
the Product will be in accordance with the information and descriptions
provided by the Merchant. c. Applicant acknowledges that the actual
color of the product as shown in CASHIET Application depends on the
monitor screen of the Buyer's mobile device. CASHIET has done its best
to make sure that the colors in photographs that are displayed in the
CASHIET Application are displayed as accurately as possible, but cannot
guarantee that the color appearance in the CASHIET Application will be
accurate. d. Applicant enters into a legally binding agreement to
purchase the Product using the Installment Program when the Buyer
purchases a Product using the Installment Program.

13\) Applicant understands and agrees that the availability of Product
stock is the responsibility of the Merchant who offers the product.
Total Product stock can be changed at any time, resulting in an empty
Product stock, therefore the Buyer agrees that the Merchant has the
right to refuse the Buyer order, and the payments which has been paid by
the Products shall be refunded to Buyer.

14\) Applicant understands and agrees that any installment payments
other than through CASHIET Virtual Account and/or without the knowledge
of CASHIET (via private messages, correspondence via telephone with
private number, or otherwise) is the personal responsibility of the
Applicant.

15\) CASHIET has the right and authority to reject payments without any
prior notification to Applicant.

16\) Applicant agrees to not disclose nor submit proof of installment
payments to parties other than CASHIET. In the event of loss due to such
disclosure or submission of the proof of installment payment by
Applicant to others, it shall be the personal responsibility of the
Applicant.

17\) Applicant understands and agrees that the problem of delay in the
payment process and additional costs due to bank differences between
Applicant's bank and CASHIET Virtual Account bank is the personal
responsibility of the Applicant.

4\. RECURRING PAYMENT

All payments are subject to the following conditions; -

a\. You agree that by authorizing payment by installments, you are
authorized to use the credit/debit card for the payment or payments that
you are making

b\. By accepting these terms, you authorize us to charge the
debit/credit card account you have provided for the installment term you
have selected.

c\. You agree that there will either be sufficient funds available under
the credit card limit or sufficient funds in the debit card account to
make the card payments when they fall within the agreed installment
dates.

You further agree that: -

1.1 Where an installment arrangement is set up to make payments by
recurring card payment, we will notify you, or a third party making the
payment, of the dates on which the payment/s will be made, or may
contact you to make a payment.

1.2 Installments unpaid, for whatever reason will be tried within 5
working days if direct debit has been set up. If the installment fails,
the second time the payment will not be tried again and this payment by
installments Agreement will be canceled and payment will be expected in
full.

1.3 We will not refund installments due or initial bank charges unless
due to an error by us.

• First Installment Payment. Your first installment payment under your
Installment Loan will be authorized on your credit or debit card at the
time of purchase, pickup, or shipment and will be processed within
twenty-four hours.

• Subsequent Installment Payments. After the first installment payment,
your credit or debit card will be automatically charged on a monthly
basis by the Bank under the terms of the Installment Loan.

5\. FAILURE OF INSTALLMENT PAYMENT

1\) Applicant acknowledges and agrees that CASHIET and/or parties
legally authorized by CASHIET have the right to terminate the
Installment Program facility with prior notice to the Applicant if the
Applicant failed in paying the amount of Installment Payment and/or
interest and/or other charges in the Installment Period predetermined in
the agreement.

2\) CASHIET to the extent as permitted by the laws and regulations shall
offer a reschedule of Installment Program payments to the Applicant or
their beneficiary in the event that based on CASHIET verification
results, the Applicant is found to have experienced: a. Termination of
Employment; b. Bankruptcy of Business; c. Death; d. Insanity; e.
Imprisonment.

3\) Applicant acknowledges and agrees that in the event the Applicant
failed and/or is late in paying installments for two (2) consecutive
months or more then, CASHIET has the right to appoint and/or authorize a
third party to collect the payment from the Applicant.

4\) Applicant acknowledges and agrees that in the event the Applicant
failed and/or is late in paying installments for two (2) consecutive
months or more, the CASHIET has the right to retrieve the product back
from the applicant, sell the product the current market value, remove
CASHIET TOTAL outstanding payment and send the remaining balance on the
product back to the Applicant.

6\. RISK MANAGEMENT

1\) Applicant acknowledges and agrees that by submitting personal data,
information and identity of the Applicant to use the Installment Program
in the purchase of Product in CASHIET Application, the Applicant gives
its consent to CASHIET to perform the following actions:

a\. Contact the Applicant to verify by phone and other media as required
by CASHIET;

b\. Perform the verification into social media accounts of the Applicant
to identify the Applicant data.

c\. Use an authorized third party (by the Federal Government of Nigeria)
verification process to identify the applicant information.

2\) In the event CASHIET finds out that the data submitted by the
Applicant to use the Installment Program is inaccurate, false and/or was
falsified by the Applicant, then CASHIET have the right to:

a\. Reject the application for the use of Installment Program;

b\. Cancel the Installment Program use which has been running; and

c\. Revoke Applicant access to the use of Installment Program and
CASHIET Application.

3\) Without prejudice to the above reasons, the Applicant acknowledges
and agrees that CASHIET has the full right and authority to reject or
terminate the Applicant Installment Program, without the need for prior
notice.

7\. PRICE

1\) The price of Product as displayed in the CASHIET Application is the
price set by the Merchant.

2\) Applicant acknowledges and agrees that the error in price
description and other information caused by CASHIET Application not
updated in the Applicant mobile phone is the personal responsibility of
the Applicant.

3\) By ordering through CASHIET Application, Applicant agrees to pay the
total account payable as indicated in the payment page, which consists
of the price of product, postage, and other expenses that may arise (due
to late monthly repayment by the applicant) and other payment described
explicitly in the payment page.

4\) CASHIET Application only serves Product sale and purchase
transaction in VND.

5\) Prices shown in CASHIET Application may change at any time without
prior notice and without requiring any reason.

8\. MISCELLANEOUS

All matters which have not been and/or are not set forth in the
Installment Program Terms and Conditions shall fully refer to the
CASHIET general terms and conditions. Article 10 the "Limitation of
Liability", Article 12 "Compensation", Article 13 "Choice of Law" and
Article 14 "Renewal" of the CASHIET general terms and conditions shall
apply to this Installment Program Terms and Conditions.
